Add Technical Gadgets pages (#161)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Technical-Gadgets.md

* [Multi Tool - IV](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Multi-Tools)
* [Multi Tool - V](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Multi-Tools)
* [Multi Tool - VI](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Multi-Tools)
* [Multi Tool - VII](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Multi-Tools)
* [Solar Helmet](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Technical-Gadgets#solar-helmet)
* [Night Vision Goggles](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Technical-Gadgets#night-vision-goggles)
* [Jet Boots - I](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Jet Boots - II](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Jet Boots - III](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Jet Boots - IV](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Jet Boots - V](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Jet Boots - VI](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Jet Boots - VII](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Armored Jet Boots](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Jet-Boots)
* [Multimeter](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Technical-Gadgets#multimeter)

### Parachute

> The Parachute can be used to slowly descent when you're in the air. You need to wear it and crouch for it to activate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Parachute can be used to slowly decend while you're in the air. You need to wear it and crouch for it to activate.
```

### Solar Helmet

> The Solar Helmet, when worn, will charge any items and armor in that user's inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Solar Helmet when worn will charge any electric armor and anything electric in the player's hands.
```

> The Solar Helmet when worn will charge any electric armor and anything electric in the player's hands.

Reviewer 2: You use American English here :NotLikeThis:

### Night Vision Goggles

> When worn, this piece of head armour gives you night vision.

Reviewer 2: We should really standardize a language here. Do we want British English or American English?
